[MUSIC]
>> Justin: Again this is to introduce you,
a little bit,
to reaching into host object functions and
calling them for your own purposes.
The solution to this is,
this is the potential array like thing,
or array or not.
We're just going to return the result
of calling object.prototype.toString.
So we're getting object
prototypes toString method, but
instead of calling it an object,
we're going to call it, well, instead of
calling it on an, like this object is just
toString normally, whatever it might be.
We're going to make sure we're calling
object prototypes toString with our
object, and then we're going to
make sure that that is equal to
object Array.
Is that what everybody's got?
Let me make sure that that is right,
I spelled it right, yes, good.
Object Array.
Any questions there?
>> Speaker 2: Yes, why does it return
arguments if you just say object toString?
>> Justin: If I say object-
>> Speaker 2: I just tried it out
just to see if that would work too, and
why do you have to use call instead of
just directly calling toString?
>> Justin: Instead of just writing
object.toString, is that what you mean?
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Justin: Because,
well let's say I passed in,
let's say I made an,
I mean one reason is that I could
do something like evil and go-
>> Justin: Now this would return true
then, if I passed this object,
if this was the object I
passed.
>> Justin: It would call,
if I just did the obj toString, it would
return the same thing, it'd return true.
There's a way of making
sure no matter what.
Also I think, but I'm not a 100% sure
right off the top of my head, but
I think arrays have-
>> Justin: I
think arrays have a different toString.
They have their own, on array.prototype,
it has its own toString that's different
than objects toString method would return.
So that's partly why as well.
Makes sense?
[LAUGH] I could go,
there's a much longer explanation, but-
>> Speaker 3: Are you just asking instead
of calling it on the prototype?
Calling it object.toString?
>> Justin: I'm sorry,
I misunderstood your question.
I thought you were asking, I thought you
meant this, but you meant, why not?
>> Speaker 3: Well no,
yes, that is what I meant.
>> Justin: Okay.
So that's why,
it could be faked, this for one.
Then also arrays toString,
as you can see, array, if I had array.
Its toString returns
a representation that's joined.
So, you can think of it this way.
Arrays toString method just does a join
and then returns whatever that is,
but objects toString method,
what that will do is it looks up
whatever that special type is.
It can look up a special type and
know the- I forgot there's a term for
it in the ECMA Script spec, which is like
the, if it's a regular expression or
if it's whatever those
base constructors are.
It'll actually give you the name for it.
So it'll give you array back.
That's why it does it that way.
>> Justin: Good question.
All right, so let's go to the next- Let's,
I'm going to first make sure,
just like hopefully you guys did,
make sure my test is working.
It is, good.
We'll go to the next exercise.